Implement improvements for write operation / Fix build issues with iRODS 5 (main) (#424)
irods/irods_client_http_api: API.md

Writes bytes to a data object.

> This operation supports two forms of sending data to the HTTP API server. Prefer **form 2**.

Reviewer: Should we consider Form 1 deprecated? Or is there still a use case for it?

Also, a slight tweak to the wording... Feel free to ignore.
```suggestion
This operation supports two forms of sending data to the HTTP API server. **Form 2** is the recommended form.
```

Author: Form 1 is still valid. There might be a use-case for it, but it's difficult to assert that right now. I think we leave it in until we have more information from the community.

Will update wording.

Author: Wording updated.

@alanking Leaving open in case you have more questions about form 1.

Reviewer: Makes sense to me. No further questions.

    [-F,--data-urlencode] 'stream-index=<integer>' # The stream to use when writing in parallel. Optional.
```

This form is the original implementation. It sends all information via the HTTP request body. The HTTP API server will buffer the full request before processing it.

> When sending large amounts of data or writing in parallel, prefer multipart/form-data (`-F`) over application/x-www-form-urlencoded (`--data-urlencode`) as the Content-Type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When sending large amounts of data or writing in parallel, multipart/form-data (`-F`) is recommended over application/x-www-form-urlencoded (`--data-urlencode`) as the Content-Type.
```

Author: Done.
